content-web/README.md, before:

# ContentWeb

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.3.4.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

[ADD] ทดสอบ Custom Build Image สำหรับ Static Web

content-web/README.md, after:

# ContentWeb

```
FROM s2i-do288-httpd 1
LABEL "io.k8s.display-name"="s2i-sample-app" \ 2
      "io.openshift.s2i.build.image"="s2i-do288-httpd" \
      "io.openshift.s2i.build.source-location"="test/test-app/"

USER root
# Copying in source code
COPY upload/src /tmp/src 3
# Change file ownership to the assemble user. Builder image must support chown command.
RUN chown -R 1001:0 /tmp/src
USER 1001
# Assemble script sourced from builder image based on user input or image metadata.
# If this file does not exist in the image, the build will fail.
RUN /usr/libexec/s2i/assemble
# Run script sourced from builder image based on user input or image metadata.
# If this file does not exist in the image, the build will fail.
CMD /usr/libexec/s2i/run

```


This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.3.4.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
